Update readme (#48)
kubernetes-sigs/kwok: docs/examples/kwok-manage-nodes-and-pods.md

# Manage nodes and pods with kwok

## Kwok with args `--manage-all-nodes=true`

> Kwok will keep all nodes in the cluster ready

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kwok will be in charge of all nodes in the cluster and maintain their heartbeats to API Server. In this way, all nodes will behave like real nodes and stay in `Ready` state.
```

## Kwok with args `--manage-nodes-with-annotation-selector=kwok.x-k8s.io/node=fake`

> Kwok will keep all nodes with annotaion `kwok.x-k8s.io/node=fake` in the cluster ready

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kwok will be in charge of all Pods with annotation `kwok.x-k8s.io/node=fake`. If they carry an accurate `.spec.nodeName` filed, kwok will ensure they stay in the `Running` state.
```

> ## Create a node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a Node
```

> Node's status can be any value you want

Reviewer: With kowk, you can join arbitrary Node(s) just by simply creating `v1.Node` object(s):

> The `status` can be any value.

``` bash
kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: v1
kind: Node
metadata:
  annotations:
    node.alpha.kubernetes.io/ttl: "0"
    kwok.x-k8s.io/node: fake
  labels:
    beta.kubernetes.io/arch: amd64
    beta.kubernetes.io/os: linux
    kubernetes.io/arch: amd64
    kubernetes.io/hostname: kwok-node-0
    kubernetes.io/os: linux
    kubernetes.io/role: agent
    node-role.kubernetes.io/agent: ""
    type: kwok
  name: kwok-node-0
spec:
  taints: # Avoid scheduling actual running pods to fake Node
    - effect: NoSchedule
      key: kwok.x-k8s.io/node
      value: fake
status:
  allocatable:
    cpu: 32
    memory: 256Gi
    pods: 110
  capacity:
    cpu: 32
    memory: 256Gi
    pods: 110
  nodeInfo:
    architecture: amd64
    bootID: ""
    containerRuntimeVersion: ""
    kernelVersion: ""
    kubeProxyVersion: fake
    kubeletVersion: fake
    machineID: ""
    operatingSystem: linux
    osImage: ""
    systemUUID: ""
  phase: Running
```

> 

Reviewer: Add an output here to show the Node should be in running state?

> ## Create an pods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a Pod
```

> 

Reviewer: Now we create some Pods to verify if they can land on the previously created Nodes:

``` bash
kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: fake-pod
  namespace: default
spec:
  replicas: 10
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: fake-pod
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: fake-pod
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
              - matchExpressions:
                  - key: type
                    operator: In
                    values:
                      - kwok
      # A taints was added to an automatically created Node.
      # You can remove taints of Node or add this tolerations.
      tolerations:
        - key: "kwok.x-k8s.io/node"
          operator: "Exists"
          effect: "NoSchedule"
      containers:
        - name: fake-container
          image: fake-image
EOF
```

> 

Reviewer: add an example output here to show the Pods are in Running state?

## Update spec of nodes or pods

> Just use `kubectl edit` to edit resource to what you want

Reviewer: In a kwok context, Nodes and Pods are nothing but pure API objects so feel free to mutate their API specs to do whatever simulation / testing you want.

## Update status of nodes or pods

> Ditto but requires an args `--subresource=status`

Reviewer: I suppose we don't need this section?
